Add instruction for filtering logs (#17)
liftoffio/LiftoffAds-iOS: README.md

## Troubleshooting

Set the log level to `debug` before troubleshooting:

```swift
Liftoff.logLevel = .debug
```

> _Requires v1.8.1+._
> 
> Observe the logs in the [Console](https://support.apple.com/guide/console/welcome/mac)
> app using `message:LiftoffAds` as a filter along with your app's name filter.
> 
> _For older versions._
> 
> Use **Xcode** console to find messages starting with `[LiftoffAds debug]`, 
> `[LiftoffAds info]`, and `[LiftoffAds error]`.

Reviewer: Minor, but I'd condense this a bit since this page is already quite long.
```suggestion
Available in 1.8.1+, observe the logs in the [Console](https://support.apple.com/guide/console/welcome/mac)
app using `message:LiftoffAds` as a filter along with your app's name filter.

For older versions, use the **Xcode** console to find messages using `LiftoffAds` as a filter.
```
I also suggested removing the more granular debug/info/error filters above since I think we want to encourage publishers to see as much information as possible (and send that to us).
